Ouch, this cousin
Sure enough, you don't even blush when you talk big
We exposed it in person.
How can you still sit here shamelessly?
When are you going to pretend?
Aren't you ashamed?
You are undisciplined
Now we're giving you the opportunity to change.
When are you going to be a demon?
No matter what you say
I will discipline your husband well
Husband, let me go
You run
Let go of you, don't stop him, he doesn't know what's wrong now
It may be given to our family in the future.
How big is the building?
Hello
Remember, new lady, you have passed our review.
No interview
You can come directly to work tomorrow.
Dad Neutral Group asked me to go to work tomorrow
And I'm skipping the interview.
Are you sure it's a neutral group?
I told you
I said that Xiaorong will definitely not lie to us, right?
Xiao Rong, I said that the repayment is not included.
Never fail to speak
Hahaha
If you don't believe me, don't be deceived by this trash
This is obviously my arrangement.